doc/sprint1/Sprint1.md, before:

## Sprint 1 Planning Meeting: 

 - This meeting is held on 25th Sept,2021 by using Miscrosoft Teams. This meeting is to decide the estimate point per feature and allocate tasks to team members. In the meeting, we first discussed the estimate point for each feature. Then we separated tasks into subtasks and most tasks are separated by frontend and backend. Every team member gets their responsible tasks to work on. 

---

### Sprint goal:
 - Finish some users storeis related to company account and build a framework. Finish user stories BOUNB-5, BOUNB-6, BOUNB-7, BOUNB-38, BOUNB-8, BOUNB-30.
 - Improve our prototype for the app.  Finish user stories BOUNB-39.

---

## Team Capacity:
 - In our initial plan, one estimate point stands for half an hour to one hour smooth coding, which smooth here means work without bugs and confusion. We try to allocate tasks around 8 estimate points  for each of us. Considering we need time to get used to the new softwares and we are very likely to have bugs, the estimated time for each member is around 2 hours a day. In sprint1, we are going to do 52-points work.

---

## Tasks Breakdown:

### Epic: Company Accounts.

Stories: BOUNB-5, BOUNB-6, BOUNB-7, BOUNB-38, BOUNB-8, BOUNB-30

Tasks:
 - Build the sign up/ logout/ login page for company accounts in the front end. 
 - Build the profile/accountSummary page for company accounts in the front end. 
 - Write code to handle accout related requests in the backend. 
 - Setup the database for company accoutns. 

---

## Spikes:
 - when building the navigation bar flutter component, we created a BottomNavigationBar component that generates 4 different buttons on the bottom of the homepage, when any button is clicked, it shows the corresponding page on top of the screen. our original implementation was using a flat button, which includes a transition effect we didn't want, so we got rid of it and embraced the current method.

---

Participants: 
Chang Liu, Haowen Rui, Hayden Mak, Hrithik Kumar Advani, Johnson Su, Nimra Maqbool, Raymond Ho

Commit message:

Update Sprint1.md to update user stories
Update user stories, Update Spikes and improve Tasks Breakdown

doc/sprint1/Sprint1.md, after:

## Sprint 1 Planning Meeting: 

 - This meeting is held on 25th Sept,2021 by using Miscrosoft Teams. This meeting is to decide the estimate point per feature and allocate tasks to team members. In the meeting, we first discussed the estimate point for each feature. Then we separated tasks into subtasks and most tasks are separated by frontend and backend. Every team member gets their responsible tasks to work on. 

---

### Sprint goal:
 - Finish some users storeis related to company account and build a framework. Finish user stories BOUNB-5, BOUNB-6, BOUNB-7, BOUNB-38, BOUNB-8, BOUNB-30.
 - Improve our prototype for the app.  Finish user stories BOUNB-39.

---

## User stories for Sprint 1:
 - BOUNB-5 CompanyLogIn
 - BOUNB-6 CompanyLogOut
 - BOUNB-7 CompanySignUp
 - BOUNB-8 CompanyProfile
 - BOUNB-30 Company Account Screen
 - BOUNB-38 USer Choice UI

---

## Team Capacity:
 - In our initial plan, one estimate point stands for half an hour to one hour smooth coding, which smooth here means work without bugs and confusion. We try to allocate tasks around 8 estimate points  for each of us. Considering we need time to get used to the new softwares and we are very likely to have bugs, the estimated time for each member is around 2 hours a day. In sprint1, we are going to do 52-points work.

---

## Tasks Breakdown:

### Epic: Company Accounts.

Stories: BOUNB-5, BOUNB-6, BOUNB-7, BOUNB-38, BOUNB-8, BOUNB-30

Tasks:
 - BOUNB-5 CompanyLogIn: Nimra Maqbool, Hrithik Kumar Advani
 - BOUNB-6 CompanyLogOut: Chang Liu
 - BOUNB-7 CompanySignUp: Hayden Mak, Raymond Ho
 - BOUNB-8 CompanyProfile: Chang Liu, Johnson Su
 - BOUNB-30 Company Account Screen: Haowen Rui
 - BOUNB-38 USer Choice UI: Nimra Maqbool
 - BOUNB-39 Edit and Polish Figma UI Mockup: Johnson Su
 - CRC Cards: Everyone
 - sprint1.md, RPM.md: Chang Liu
 - Documentation: Hayden Mak, Raymond Ho
 - Standups: Everyone

---

## Spikes:
 - When building the navigation bar flutter component, we created a BottomNavigationBar component that generates 4 different buttons on the bottom of the homepage, when any button is clicked, it shows the corresponding page on top of the screen. our original implementation was using a flat button, which includes a transition effect we didn't want, so we got rid of it and embraced the current method.
 - When trying to communicate with Django via HTTP requests, we did not know how to handle it, so we conducted research to find out how to send a HTTP request from flutter and how to accept it in Django. Also, we learned how to parse the JSON response from Django sent back to Flutter.

---

Participants: 
Chang Liu, Haowen Rui, Hayden Mak, Hrithik Kumar Advani, Johnson Su, Nimra Maqbool, Raymond Ho
