doc/sprint0/summary.md, before:

This document is the short breif to our CSCC01 group project. Necessary changes will be made throughout the exeution of the project.

## Project Objective 
Build a mobile application that helps the customers to navigate through shops and superstores using map to search for their required item.
The application detects the shopping list of the customer and show them the route on the map to the location of the item on the shopping list.

## The Key Persona
> Alice- A 28 year Toronto resident who spends more time than anticipated at the grocery store searching for things in different aisles and end up visiting the same aisles more than once.
   

## Key Scenario
It is raining heavy in Toronto. Alice wants to go to the work and he wants to buy an umbrella from the near by super mart as quick as possible to avoid being late at the work.

## Key Principles
* User Satisfaction -  The application design should provide a good user experience even if it incurs any difficulty in locating the list of items.

* Cohesiveness - It should be easier for user to reuse the application if there are changes to requirements or any updates have been made to the application

* Smooth and Efficient - The application should be quick to load on the mobile phone. The design should help users to perform tasks efficiently interms of data usage, battery usage, security and alike.

* User Friendly - Application design should be intuitive, easy to uderstand, and easy to use.

Commit message:

Update summary.md to include Key Personas and Scenario
Update Personas and Scenarios for summary.md. Fix some minor typos.

doc/sprint0/summary.md, after:

This document is the short brief to our CSCC01 Group Project. Necessary changes will be made throughout the execution of the project.

## Project Objective 
Build a mobile application that helps the customers to navigate through stores and supermarkets using map to search for their required items. The application detects the shopping list of the customer and shows them the route on the map to the location of the item on the shopping list.

## The Key Persona
> Charles - A 43-year-old store manager at FreshCo. He would like to make it easier for customers to locate and navigate their way through his supermarket.
> Peter - A 20-year-old University of Toronto student who spends more time than anticipated at the grocery store searching for things in different aisles and ends up visiting the same aisles more than once.
> Joan - A 25-year-old systems administrator for the Boundary Breakers Team. She would like to be able to have an overview of the stores as well as manage the different stores and customers if needed.
   

## Key Scenario
It is raining heavy in Toronto. Peter wants to go to class, and he wants to buy an umbrella from the nearby supermarket as quick as possible to avoid being late to school. After school, he wants to make a new dish, so he wants to get some ingredients that he hasn't gotten before, and wants to know if FreshCo or another grocery store has all the ingredients he needs.

## Key Principles
* User Satisfaction -  The application design should provide a good user experience even if it incurs any difficulty in locating the list of items.

* Cohesiveness - It should be easier for user to reuse the application if there are changes to requirements or any updates have been made to the application

* Smooth and Efficient - The application should be quick to load on the mobile phone. The design should help users to perform tasks efficiently in terms of data usage, battery usage, security and alike.

* User Friendly - Application design should be intuitive, easy to uderstand, and easy to use.
